Dr. Scott,

Add "machine learning" in abstract, add a comma. -- done
Mention 3rd committee member in Acknowledgements -- done


Give a road map: "The rest of this thesis is 
organized as follows.  Chapter 2 ... ", remove 
reference to Section 3.5 -- done

Move this chapter to after background. 
 Much of the terminology you use needs 
 to be defined first. -- done

Change elicited to described -- done

It's not clear yet, since labeling hierarchies have not been defined yet.   
Also, need to explain a little more what the hierarchy 
looks like; maybe include a picture => resolved by moving to second chapter -- done
spelling fix with classifierevaluations -- done 
Replace of with of an algorithm for -- done
Delete spurious "the context of" -- done
What does this have to do with anything?  Is this part 
of the active over-labeling? If so, why 
mention it here? => removed sentence confirmed it is mentioned 
else where. -- done
Remove "Logit is a linear model for classification." -- done
Add "For Logit", make period a comma, use eqn $theta$, 
add an 'and', replace period with :, remove a 'for' -- done
Explain L2-norm function -- done
Use : instead of . when leading into an eqn -- done
Use non italicized fcns cost eqn -- done
Delete - in hyper-plane -- done
"high- or infinite-dimensional " -- done
Use $\gamma$ instead of gamma -- done
Replace . Where with , where in kernel fcn list -- done
Replace The with A, use classifier's -- done
In the previous section, C is a SVM parameter. Don’t overload it. => 
replace C with conf -- done
Add periods after P, R and F1 equations -- done

Give examples of PR and ROC curves, and 
give formulas for calculating AUC for both. -- done

molecular biology and ecology, and virology, and zoology, and … -- done
Use comprises instead of composes -- done
Put the names of the values of TC branches here -- done
Add 'single' use axis-parallel -- done

Correct Active learning previously defined location -- done
Correct "An example labeling tree for the Reuters Corpus Volume I (RCV1) 
dataset used in text categorization research [12]." -- done
Change achieves to applies -- done
Use \ge in classifier eqn, fix "in as" -- done
Change U= to just Union in HAL pseuodo code -- done
Change , it to . it -- done
"Auer et al.’s e-greedy bandit algorithm" describe this more -- done
Add comma after explored -- done
Use consists instead of composed -- done
Add comma after In general, and after i.e.,-- done
Use semi-colon instead of comma -- done
Use are instead of is -- done
Delete spurious True -- done
Change ran to run -- done
Replace comma with a semi-colon -- done
Delete space between figure numbers -- done
Replace , with : -- done
End figure captions with a period -- done


### notes
Add BANDIT Approach Results section -- done
Update abstract -- done
Updated conclusions -- done
Update intro -- done
Capitalized Curves in section titles -- done
Replace vs with vs. -- done
run spell check -- 










